# QuestLog
A to-do list for teachers and students, with course tasks (due dates, exams, etc.) provided by teachers to teachers upon sign in. Students may also set their own tasks (which will not be visible to teachers).
Our application looks to provide the user enhanced utility by taking the simplicity of a to-do list (time and date) and wrapping it around geo-location, task-matching, and enhanced notification features. Time permitted, we seek to integrate other communication platforms like Discord, Twitter, and text messages. 
QuestLog will have separate task list categories. Course instructors will be able to create assignments with given due dates, and notify their students of changes and upcoming deadlines through push notifications. Students can also be notified of feedback and grades through the same method. We want to integrate google maps API to have geo-location triggered tasks increase in priority as the user enters preset areas. For example, the user will have the option to set their home location. QuestLog will then send notifications from the home task list when the user is within a certain radius. The same thing can be done for other lists and location labels. Our last sprint will include introducing a matching algorithm that will suggest/connect people with similar tasks for increased productivity.

Objectives - We want to ensure learners impacted by the social effects of COVID-19 are able to find quicker and more efficient ways to come together and work on tasks. We also would like to facilitate the visualization of daily tasks on an easy-to-maneuver calendar depending on whether the user’s at work, school or at home. QuestLog will provide a school network, business network and home network (all separated from one another depending on the user’s geographical location) to provide tasks on the user’s agenda. By visualizing tasks, the user can keep track of what has been done and what needs to be done in different courses and their personal life. This will make it easier to stay on track and prevent falling behind, forgetting deadlines, etc.

